[GUI] Support images with 2 channels (RG) in GUI.set_image (#1624)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/gui.rst

        ``img`` entries will be clipped into range ``[0, 1]`` for display.

.. function:: gui.get_image()

    :return: (np.array) the current image shown on the GUI

>     Get the RGBA shown image from the current GUI system which has four channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Get the 4-channel (RGBA) image shown in the current GUI system.
```
